---
title: 2020 review and 2021 Goals
author: Diane Delallée
Date: 2021-03-01 10:54:00 +0800
categories: [Blog, self-review]
tags: [self-review]
---

We are already in March 2021 so this is time to make a review of 2020 and also to set new goals/behaviour for 2021.

## 2020 review
### What I planed to do one year ago

#### Profesional

- Write an article on my blog twice a month
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Was a bit excessive, it take times to learn new skills and write about it.</span>
- Keep an optimistic mindset, stay positive in main situation
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Try to do so, but this is still in progress.</span>
- Go to 2 conferences
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Even with Covid 19, I achieved to listen to the Python Web Summit, and go another conference plans for April 2021. Conferences I planned to go where cancelled</span>.
- Read at least one book relative to Software and Organization by quarter
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Forget about this goal. I read a lot of documentation about Angular (new techno for me), and about gitlab. Will probably define books to read for this year</span>
- Be proactive and not lazy - discover new technologies and get out of my comfort zone
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Got a new job, so I needed to learn new technologies, new logics, and get out my confort zone !</span>

#### Personnal

- Go to the gym at least 3 times a week (do that since 4 months)    
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Achieve to go to the gym before Covid, and now doing Freeletics at home, 4 times a week</span>
- Cook my meal for all lunches during the week
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Working from home helps a lot on this one, otherwise I think I achieved to do that 4 times a week</span>.
- Drink less than one coffee a day
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">No more coffee during week, only on the weekend!</span>
- Do not buy accessories coming from all around the world (lets see if I can do the same for clothes)
  - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Decrease by 50%, and most of the stuff ordered online are coming from close country</span>
- Drink less alcohol during the week (start by ordering small beer instead of large one)
  - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">No more alcohol during week for two months now, and really decrease alcohol during weekend. Feel great about it</span>
- Do meditation twice a week before sleeping
    - <span style="color:#007bff; font-weight:bold;">Total failure on this one, but instead try to go walking at least 30 minutes during week</span>


### What also happened during the year

- I got a new job. I am now working at **[Hacknowledge](https://hacknowledge.com/)**. Still working with **Python** (tornado, sqlAchemy, flask, docker, gitlab). 
  Also working with **Angular**, **Material Design** and I quite love it.
- I am **working from home** full-time and I (finally) achieve to put all the setup I needed to be fully focused and efficient.
- I will start a new adventure in few months and become president of the [association](https://leromandie.ch/) that I am involved.

## 2021 Goals

### Professionally
- 🎙 Go to **2 conferences**
- ✍🏼 **Write an article** on my blog once a month -> try to write small articles about stuff I discovered at work.
- 📚 **Read books** relative to work (The unicorn project, Unfu*k yourself, Design pattern, something about SqlAchemy)
- 🖥 Improve skills on **Design pattern, and data base**
- 🧘🏽‍♀️ **Be more rigorous** when I do pull requests and to document new project
- Reduce my job to 90%


### Personally
- 🚶🏽‍♀️Walk at least 5000 steps by day
- No more alcohol 🍺 and coffee ☕ during week
- ⏰ Be more organized to split between job, association and hobby
- 🤸🏽‍♀️ Freeletics 4 times a week
- Be able to clean the appartment and do not create lots of bazaars all over the place
- Reduce time spent on some websites where I infinite scroll (Twitter, Linkedin, LeMatin, instagram, youtube, ....)
